welcome to the W show we've got a great
show lined up for you today the big news
this week is of course that YouTube is
changing for the better for the worse
maybe some combination of the two uh
we'll be talking about it and I was here
in person at Creator Summit where they
told us not just what's going on but
also some of the reasoning behind it uh
we're also going to be talking about ah
yes of course Nintendo's long overdue
lawsuit against pal world for a
copyright INF no no it's not copyright
infringement it's something else
entirely literally nobody saw this
coming what else we got Luke Linux
Gamers can no longer play GTA 5 but in
other news there's changes to anti-che
which is what we're talking about there
which might benefit everyone also
benefit people whoaaa whoa whoa whoa who
whoa whoa whoa okay no no we're breaking
up the format explain yourself no no I'm
kidding not breaking up the format okay
one more one more one more teaser pleas
have me scroll away
uh the ryzen 9000 launch it's not going
well it's not it's not good yeah it's
not not not not good yeah you have to
roll the intro Loop
me is it not in the thing do I press
here I'm yeah come on come on you got it
where is it it's on the top right there
I thought it was in the dashboard
just the outros the
[Music]
out the show is brought to you today by
vessie Corsair and ug green and of
course our chair partner secret lab and
our laptop partner LG neither of whom I
am using right now now
unfortunately
uh any who why don't we jump right into
our headline topic wait wait no you are
you are it's right here I am yeah your
your avatar is in front of an LG laptop
and sitting in a secret La chair look at
me typing look at me typing on my LG
gram and sitting in my secret lab chair
that you can't even see the back of
because I am in front of it with this
wall that is the attached to the back of
my head covers everything behind me yeah
problem let's jump right into our
headline topic here which is YouTube is
changing whether it's for the better or
the worse well we'll leave that up to
you but first why don't we go through
the sweet of new features that they
announced on at made on YouTube several
of which are AI powered first up we've
got dream screen which makes still and
moving backgrounds for YouTube shorts
and will now use the newest version of
Google deep Minds text to video
generator vo vo will allow for more
realistic backgrounds as well as the
ability to edit and remix previously
generated content in the first half of
the Year dream screen will be able to
generate entire six second clips from
scratch okay so why don't we why don't
we unpack this one first we can we can
kind of go through one by one um Luke
thought
generation of still in moving
backgrounds for YouTube
shorts uh I don't think this is
necessarily super new in the still
backgrounds sense is you could have done
this with a variety of tools already
that already exist the moving background
sense is interesting I believe the
average short is about 30 seconds if I
remember correctly um so you're going to
need five of these to be able to
actually stitch together one whole short
um honestly I don't think the impact of
this is going to be super extensive
unless you start getting people um like
fake
reporting like saying they're on the
scene somewhere and the background is
that place and it's hard to tell if
they're actually there or not um which
could be problematic I
personally uh am having a hard time
imagining uh why this would be good for
well why don't you throw up why don't
you throw up the examples why don't you
throw up the the examp
I've got those here your your uh big
face is in front of them um but this is
this is the video this is the video this
is what it would be like this is what it
would be like you generate the
background and then you just got your
face with kind of like a badly thing in
front of it yeah so I guess okay this is
perfect this is definitely a better
experience yeah sorry carry on the
concerns that I've had are are not
really I gu no the example says
dreamlike so it's intentionally trying
to not be realistic honestly that feels
like a calculated move um yeah because
they they they don't want to show it
creating realistic like scenes I don't
know um I'm sure we'll get these videos
with text over them with an AI voice
speaking some type of uh motivational
junk and then that's going to get
churned out 10 billion times and fill
your shorts feed with with garbage and
useless content um but other than that I
I really I I don't know I I have a hard
time seeing this creating good content
that people actually want um but you
know maybe I'll well here's what I'll
say talking to YouTube about this so I
was at Creator Summit this week um
pretty cool definitely um definitely one
of the highlights of my career being
able to attend this kind of event
I sorry nothing you're good there I am
uh definitely one of the highlights of
my career being able to attend events
like this um I got to um I got to hang
out with Michelle carry quite a bit this
time around uh got to I was surprised to
see Matt Pat there the rumors of his
retirement have been greatly exaggerated
um but Matt Pat was there which was
really great to to be able to connect
with him and staff um shoot now that
I've started listing people it's going
to be horrible when like I forget
someone that I that I hung out with for
a bit but definitely hung out with
hacksmith for a while it was awesome to
see him
um oh man now now I'm going to feel now
I'm going to feel so bad
uh and many other great and fantastic
people oh dude dude I finally I finally
actually met Carl Jacobs the guy that we
built the $100,000 PC for i' never met
him and it turned out that we were we
were on the same floor in the hotel H
and I like didn't recognize him because
I I don't watch YouTube it's always
super awkward for me at these events
because everyone else kind of seems to
know who everyone else is because it's a
top Creator Summit and so these are a
lot of the the like the top creators on
the platform and I I don't really watch
YouTube we played a game uh late last
night like 2 in the morning we were all
just like sitting around a picnic table
outside and everyone like brought up
their their YouTube account and and
showed how many of the other people at
the table they were subscribed to um
Michelle was literally subscribed to
everyone else around the table and I
pull up mine and the LT account the main
LT account
is subscribe to one Creator Luke do you
have any guesses as to who it is if you
is it is okay can I ask a question first
if it was one Creator yeah yeah can tell
you what you can ask free questions
because you're not going to get it is it
one of our own channels no is it a
channel that we question previously
closely affiliated
with closely Affiliated I would say no
no okay it's not
ncx oh that's where you were going no
that's a oh that was a good guess though
that was a really good guess
no honestly if it's not them I have a
one more so we're we're not a close not
closely Affiliated no it's not our own
thing
no you I think you could have gotten the
answers to both of those with just the
one I think you could yeah I was I was
fishing I was fishing too hard yeah oh
dude you wasted you wasted one have we
ever have we ever worked with them or
collabed with them or anything like that
yes so you've at least managed to narrow
it down a little bit
[Laughter]
is it like
Paul oh good guess good guess good guess
but no the answer is lwig and the reason
for it he wasn't there so recent I
expected it to be like really old okay
no the reason for it is that when I was
sitting next to him literally next to
him in a chair
um he like guilted me a little bit that
was part of it I think that happened
camera but then when I was sitting next
to him in the chair doing the Bro versus
bro uh he was getting the stream set up
and I wanted to interact with chat and I
couldn't because he has like a five
minute or a 10 minute subscriber gate on
interacting in his live chat so I
subscribes to him and then I just like
never remembered to unsubscribe or I
care and I never looked at it so that
was it that was the one I was subscribed
to hold on my personal my personal is
worse okay so after that because they
asked about like what about first
everyone was talking about Maine right
and for pretty much everyone else on
Maine would be the channel they upload
to right because they don't have uh like
the the content management system that
gives multiple people access to their uh
to their uploading tools and their and
their Channel management tools and stuff
like we we have like eight active
channels right now or something like
that and we have multiple people that
need access to all of them so we have
kind of a different access system to our
to our Chann channels so my uh like like
my main channel is not at Linus Tech
tips it's it's just at like my my Gmail
account so so get this okay once again I
was not subscribed to anybody who was at
the table
um you ready sure Linus Tech tips okay
that makes sense probably did that at
some point Dave and Ava nursery rhymes
and baby something so my probably mashed
that in fact it was probably my son like
10 years ago when I didn't want to get
up in the morning and I was like take my
phone um Lulu kids nursery rhymes and
children whatever Super Simple Songs kid
songs so those are all probably similar
stories I am subscribed with the Bell
rung to Apple Canada for some reason no
idea why I'm subscribed to Last Week
Tonight um don't remember when I did
that love John Oliver but I don't
remember subscribing to that I don't
think I've ever seen a notification for
it and then the last two you're going to
laugh uh one of them is Killian
experience he a totally totally random I
know that reference though I know why
yeah um and then the last one is the mom
boys the the what the mom boys that's
the remember that rap
song that has Tekken on my
tip yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
so I'm so that is the list of channels
I'm subscribed I I don't know if you
could come up with a more random list of
channels if you just started like
inputting letters and numbers with your
face by mashing your face against your
keyboard
youtube.com/ mashy face against your
keyboard and then just pressing enter
like completely completely unrelated to
each other channels um so I I lost the
game um I lost that game uh which is
fine I guess I forget where I was going
with this but uh anyway yeah so finally
finally got a chance to meet Carl Jacobs
seems like a super nice guy for someone
so young he is surprisingly cultured
when it comes to
gaming my brother just just played
Chrono Trigger in the last year and was
like dude this is a masterpiece this is
like one of the greatest games of all
time and I'm just like man and you know
what this is this is crazy this is crazy
his favorite final fantasy nine and I
was like yeah Seven's overrated he's
like I know dude dude all my
controversial takes I now feel validated
about so I'm that's why I was pretty
excited about that um yeah anyway yeah
it was it was a great show had a really
good time um and right I remember what
I'm supposed supposed to be talking
about right now
um oh wait hold on hold
on okay last person last person that I
actually got to hang out with a fair bit
and oh this is great sorry sorry I
promise I will stop doing story time in
a little bit here uh Stephen he do you
know Stephen he emotional damage guy ah
yes yeah yeah yeah yes dude he
is he's one of those YouTubers that is
exactly the same in person and yet
somehow so different like kind like more
unhinged and like random if that makes
sense like he's he's exactly the same
guy but just like um I I I I'm glad that
he doesn't just upload absolutely
everything he says because it's like
whoa okay cool
yep a good
thing love Stephen I showed him the
pictures of the Badminton Center and
he's like dude back in China when I was
like young I was like I played like
semi-professionally so we start like
yeah YouTuber badminton tournament yeah
like dude could we make this a thing
probably I'm sure I mean lwig just did
YouTuber Olympics if you can do like 15
different sports or whatever I'm sure
you can do one yeah exactly I'm at least
115th as good as lwig right maybe yeah
I'm sure you can do it you have the
cameras set
up dude I I I'd be so excited to do it
uh Jawa juice says nerd sports but
competent yeah so on that note we
actually we talked about the channel
badminton Insight a little while ago uh
Greg and Jenny reached out hearing about
it on the stream uh or hearing that we
were talking about them on the stream
and I nothing's for sure nothing's for
sure but probably sometime let's say
let's give ourselves some Breathing Room
sometime in the next six to n months um
going to
come and and my intention I have pitched
this Al I have asked the business team
to try to sell a sponsorship for this
they they said they think they can do
it I would like to resurrect nerd Sports
so Greg and Jenny they're Pro players uh
but they also do YouTube as a side
hustle and um I pitched them the idea so
for their Channel they want to do a tour
of the center and they pitched a concept
that I think is brilliant I absolutely
love it I'm not going to spoil it
because I want them to to tell you guys
what it is but BAS basically it will
involve me filming with them probably
for like an entire day and it's going to
be an absolute blast and that's going to
go on their Channel and then I told them
for our Channel I want to bring back
nerd Sports I told them about the
concept I linked them to the hockey one
and I was like so here's the idea you're
going to play against like regular Joe's
on our team and we're going to come up
with some with with some creative fun
handicaps in order to try to level the
playing field not only were they down
but they started pitching back to me
like really funny handicaps um Luke
would you want to do you think could be
prepped could your shoulder be rehabbed
enough to be in this I've I've started a
new routine that's been going really
well I'll I'll make it work I would love
to do that nerd Sports was so much fun I
can't even like
explain the return of the keyboard
Warriors are we doing this yeah yeah
yeah of course I've always been down are
we doing this dude I'm so excited I'm so
excited so so just
it's going to come on channel super fun
um that doesn't mean Channel super fun
is coming back that just means it's
allow it's allowed to have one upload
every like four years that just means
that Greg and Jenny are coming out here
they're flying an awful long way to be
here um I want to make sure that
everybody is maximizing the value of
this trip and I didn't think that there
was anything LTT that made a ton of
sense with them Channel super fun nerd
Sports on the other hand though we've
got professional players in our house
why how could we not do this so dude I
am uh I'm super stoked I'm I'm super
stoked we're gonna the thing is though
okay so let's have a let's have a
production meeting here because I don't
think that I should play for the
keyboard Warriors I don't think you can
unfortunately what are your thoughts
what are your thoughts on that am I do
you think I'm too good because let me
tell you this hold on let me tell you
this first to you I'm probably some kind
of bad Adon God yeah
to I a bon ant I am a little thing that
they squish under their thumb and then
actually no they don't even bother they
don't even bother to squish me under
their thumb it's not even worth their
effort in their if the Gap is that big
then it's probably okay actually what I
was going to say though if the Gap isn't
that big I think you commentating it you
know how we used to have commentators oh
dude yeah okay well now now I want that
role you commentating it I think would
be amazing um if the Gap is that big
though you could play but my my
immediate reaction was that you would
you would just commentate um okay what
about this what about this for an idea
what if I commentate the keyboard
Warriors playing against Greg and Jenny
and then at the end you try to step in
we we take their we take their fully
handicapped level um so whatever maybe
they're wearing eye patches by this
point and we've got we've got 5B weights
on their shoes
like whatever it is that we've done to
them to make it so that the game is
somewhat even right yeah uh we we put
like uh oh man this would be great so
you know how much of the badminton
stroke is in the wrist right right so we
put like um like wrist guards like
rollerblading skateboarding like wrist
guards on their hands so they can only
swing their arms or something
like whatever it is we end up having to
do to make them barely able to compete
against to to compete head to-head
against normal
yeah and then at the end I walk on and
we see how many of them I can remove
before they start to kick my butt Ah
that's cool I like that so go all the
way one way and then and then basically
it's like a battle for me to try to get
as many of them off as I can yeah I
think that would be super cool do you
have to do you have to have a uh like a
buddy though would you because it's
still Duos right m that's interesting so
could I draft the best player from the
keyboard Warriors maybe so I cuz I'm
commentating I'm watching or or should I
bring in like one of my buds like I'll
bring in like my mix doubles partner or
um or or what's his name that you just
met at the event um emotional damage guy
oh like Steven yeah okay that's an idea
so goes from keyboard keyboard Warrior
to like
YouTuber
people interesting okay okay I'm going
to keep that in
mind might be a lot to align it might be
a lot to align those trips lmg community
in flpl chess says bring in
jquan uh yeah yeah we could we could
bring in the facility uh the facility
manager for the for the badminton uh for
the badminton courts okay all right I'm
going to think about it I'm going to
think about it I'm going to see I'm
going to see see either way this going
to be sick dude I'm so excited I'm so
excited nerd Sports coming back uh you
know what's funny is I mentioned this to
I mentioned this well in front of Ivon I
hadn't actually talked to her about it
uh but I was talking to Stephen about
the idea and yvon was there and she was
like yeah nerd Sports was fun I think
it'd be fun to do nerd Sports again so
you remember when we had like maybe 4%
of ivonne's attention helping with the
producer side of nerd sports like
literally no offense to anyone else who
was on team and anyone else who's on our
team now and when I say team I don't
mean the keyboard Warriors like our nerd
sports team I mean our like lus Media
Group team no offense to everyone else
but for how little time and attention
Ivon put into it I don't think anyone
else could have gotten us the kinds of
matchups that she did we some pretty
cool
teams that was that was crazy that was
actually nuts if if if she was like
full-time
producer of nerd Sports I think not only
could we bring it back but it could be
awesome like 10 Milli views an episode
awesome I'd be a th% down nerd Sports
was one of like the coolest things I I I
used to share them with so many people
too because they're like I don't know
it's just interesting cont it it plays
into the whole concept of like I wish we
could see like just average people
compared to the Olympians at the
Olympics it's it's it's that but you're
really pitting them against each other
and really showing the Gap like
everything that you need to do to like
tear someone down to the level of an
average
person because well you know that that
was a big part of the original idea
behind it right like it got kind of lost
in the way that we we were a really
small company and there were a lot of
production challenges but like it so it
kind of got lost in in everything I'm
not going to I'm not going to lay the
blame on anyone person's feet because
it's a that's not cool and B it doesn't
lie on any one person's feet
um but what got kind of lost was that it
was supposed to be about highlighting
not professional top tier level athletes
but the next down or the next down you
know the people who were trying to go
pro and basically really like putting in
your face so that you cannot escape this
how different these guys are from the
person sitting on their couch going I
could have caught that you know like
actually standing on the court next to
the Trinity Spartans do you remember
that you're even a you're a reasonable
freaking sized dude but did you not feel
intimidated by those women
yeah they dunked us pretty hard because
I did there there was I mean we
definitely fielded some some players on
the on the keyboard Warriors that were
not athletic but despite being keyboard
Warriors we've we've always had a decent
amount of people on the team that are
fairly naturally athletic and we would
just still get completely destroyed in
every single sport I was like never
close completely oh man
yeah uh Stephen Chu Community manager
says how I feel when I see a kicker miss
an extra point in the NFL yeah exactly
but like if you if you literally stood
on that field and tried to make even the
like even a below average kick you'd go
up there you'd kick it and it'd be
like because you are not a world class
athlete while there's like some dude
running at you that can tackle you with
the force of like an
F-150 it's just like slightly
nerve-wracking yeah exactly um and then
you know obviously the the slight twist
compared to Joe's versus Pros or regular
people at the Olympics or other people
have done this concept before and since
is is the leveling of the playing field
yeah the Nerfs illustrating
just how ridiculous it has to get I mean
by the time we were competitive with
that hockey team dude they and I was I
was telling the story at at at Creator
Summit um they had their skates in
little hula hoops so they couldn't and
they had to keep the hula hoops on their
skates so they couldn't lift them up
they were holding pineapples in one hand
they had to link arms with the player
next to them so there were effectively
only three of them on the ice compared
to our six and they had to use little
plastic toy sticks and it was still
really close when we called Next Point
wins with us with five skaters plus a
plus a goalie that's not Tethered to
someone fullsize sticks saying skaters
is maybe a little much yeah that's a
little generous five people that happen
to be on Ice yeah I um I had scars from
that for for years and now you can't
normally see them but when I get really
cold you can still see the lines from
where the laces were oh no
oh man that was rough uh yeah yeah
blundetto says if I were out on the ice
instead of Conor McDavid the Oilers
would have won the Stanley Cup exactly
but the thing is you're meing obviously
right but so many people some people
aren't yeah seem to actually think that
when I was in my Prime I could have no
you could no you couldn't have man no
you couldn't have these guys are
otherworldly talented um so anyway yeah
nerd Sports I'm super excited
and I think there's a document I'm
supposed to be reading from to talk
about stuff so right right right we hav
made it through the first topic I'm so
sorry talking to YouTube in person one
of the big things that they emphasized
with these new AI features because as
you can imagine in a room full of people
whose job it is to create audio and
backgrounds and video for a living right
um there's going to be a pretty high
degree of sensitivity around AI creation
tools right so one of the things that
they said kind of over and over and over
again was
hey this is not meant to be a
replacement for human creativity these
are meant to be tools to enhance human
creativity and I feel
like I feel like I both agree with
YouTube and I also
I wouldn't say disagree but have serious
concerns about it so the way that they
the way that they explained it was that
there's like a a creative Loop right in
your your ideation and your execution
and your promotion and your publishing
and your ideation your whatever right so
you know theoretically you know if a
perfect AI would just replace the human
element of all of it it would ideate
execute promote and publish and it would
be just a perpetual motion machine that
consumes fresh water and electricity
right the way that they've explained how
AI tools will be rolled out on YouTube
is that they will they will not be
allowed to function like that because
they will keep the human Creator in that
creation loop at every stage there will
have to be human input or human
validation verification or human
tuning but here's my issue this vo
background
thing I'm certainly the human who's
going to say stuff in front of it right
because I I can see that being an
obvious thing that people might do with
this they're just like kind of creating
a A vibe they're creating a mood for the
background of just like like a short
video talking about something or
whatever
right but what about all the humans who
worked on
like background creation other than me
just like rubber stamping which one I
think is good or fine-tuning the text
prompt that I'm giving it I feel like
they they maybe were I feel like they
were maybe addressing the concerns of
the people in the room right because
these are the people that are running
the channels that are the the front men
or front lady or whatever uh the people
who own the business right like they're
addressing business owners if you think
about it top creators yes they're
they're they're people and and and and
you know you connect with them and some
of them some of them are business owners
of like like a oneperson business and
some of them are business owners of a of
a of a a 50 or 100 person business right
but they're but they're effectively
business owners if they're operating at
the kind of scale that they're at top
Creator Summit right um what well what
what about the people who work on their
team and I feel like they didn't really
say anything to me to address any of
that so that's
my that's my concern but then they also
said the quiet part out loud
right um and they were like well AI is
here and so either we're going to like
enable our creative Community with it or
um they're going to use it anyway with
third party tools and
um or or our you know our top creators
here won't be using it because you know
Nar duells or using it for deep fakes or
you know whatever kind of nonconsensual
content or you know whatever right um
so we're all we're really doing is
accepting recognizing that this is the
reality and arming our creative
community and I was like
yeah um fair enough right yeah I just
don't I mean I I think this is my my
problem where like the the vo stuff I
just don't necessarily see it as like a
a good thing um I I have a really hard
time imagining who's going to use this
to really benefit much of anything other
than spammed out AI generated content
which is already running all over uh
shorts and Instagram so they they are
correct that this isn't giving people a
new tool this already existed you could
already make AI generated backgrounds
you could already make AI generated
video backgrounds you could already make
AI generated audio all this type of
stuff it was all already possible
they're just putting on YouTube but
we've seen the impact of these tools on
other platforms and I personally haven't
seen it generate anything of of real
significant value um
other than spam so I just I don't know I
I don't personally see the good benefit
to it um but I I don't see it being
dramatically worse than what we already
have either if we make these tools less
of like a like a nerdy um you know I
spend my life working on tools for
spamming people and more of a just I am
a thing sitting in the YouTube Creator
Studio that highly creative people now
have access to easily and don't need to
learn about is there an argument there
that maybe that would actually increase
the quality of some of the the AI use
outputs I seriously doubt it personally
cuz what's what's the value in it like
what what is the what are you bringing
to the table by AI generating a
background to this video for six seconds
honestly I think that's like that's a
big part of it for me is like what am I
doing with six seconds of
background other than
like but man part of it too though is
like
I in a lot of ways feel like a bit of an
outsider at events like this
because I can be pretty creative like I
think if you tell me like hey lonus come
up with an intro hook for the knock to a
booth coverage at a trade show and you
know I I I I get Jacob and I'm like okay
Jacob I need you to stab me in the back
with my own screwdriver and we're going
to film like my death scene in your
booth and like like I'm I'm kind of
creative but there's a level of
creativity that um or like outside of
the box thinking that I encounter every
time I go to one of these meetups that
I'm just like yeah if you gave me a
thousand years and a thousand monkeys
and a thousand typewriters and a
thousand caffeine pills I would never
never come up with that like I I ended
up they did an aign seating lunch just
to force people to mingle a little bit
and I ended up seated across from I
really I'm I feel terrible because I
forget his name but I I ended up seated
across from someone who is predominantly
a shorts Creator and who actually only
even made a channel to promote his ice
cream filled dut
shop and so his real business is
like he he even has like apparel for it
but his but his real business is
actually like franchising out his ice
cream filled doughnut like like
restaurant and he just like apparently
kills it hard enough on YouTube shorts
that it not only is a great promotional
tool for the business but it's making
money but it's is but it's making money
they're like killing it on YouTube
completely by accident and I'm and I'm
just sitting here going
like sure you know right uh they they
highlighted um they highlighted this um
this super cool example of like tiny
fandoms and like Community remixing uh
where it was it's this channel I think
it's called uh two two gay grandpas who
had this travel Vlog where they just
went and tried stuff and were super
charming and they had like 90
subscribers or something like that and
and they uploaded all these videos
someone remixed it uploaded it somewhere
else and was like hey we need to get
these guys like some actual views
because these videos are great and
somebody needs to watch them and then
they immediately like 100,000
subscribers uh like I wouldn't have I
would never have thought
to to put together something like that
like I don't know it's just it's just
and it's not like these are these are
completely unique ideas they're just not
things that I would have ever thought of
and so when
people when when YouTube releases a tool
just because I have no idea what I would
do with it doesn't mean that nobody's
going to do anything really interesting
with it and so I'm always fearful saying
I don't I don't know what anyone would
do with it I just don't know well I'm
trying to frame it that way specifically
because I don't and like I hope that
someone does I just the all of these
tools already exist and we've
seen what the quick to arm themselves
with tools especially when their free
creative Community has done with them
which by and large has been create spam
content um or just like you know put a
quote generator onto a thing put AI
voice on top of all of the quotes put
random backgrounds with like Roman or um
Gothic or or old school Scandinavian or
sorry Nordic I should say um or whatever
like religious figures put the quotes in
front of it play the AI voice spam it on
the internet and then get tons of views
like that that type of stuff is is
rampant super rampant and that's where
I'm seeing all of the AI use in short
form content go to I I haven't
personally seen it to go to practically
anything other than that so h i maybe
I'm not creative enough to find a use
for 6sec AI generated Clips to go on
short form content but maybe someone
will I I imagine there's like uh
someone's going to grab some form of
instrument and sing weird random custom
fun songs and have weird AI videos
playing behind them CU it's like fun and
artistic hopefully somebody does that
I'm sure there's like a thing or two
that people can figure out um but I
think by and large these tools are made
to mass generate yeah to mass generate
garbage and then try to play on people's
um like mental things like wanting to
hear quotes that agree with what they
say and and stuff like that and then
just Spam it out um which I don't is
valuable okay YouTube will also be
adding a carousel of highlighted
comments and and AI comment reply
suggestions to YouTube Studio which is
supposed to mimic the style and tone of
the Creator I asked some more um
questions about this uh and basically my
understanding is that the
the the tuning of this should be done
based on your own
replies to people's comments on your
channel I I asked about the possibility
of um uploading data to help train it um
that's not something that they're that
they're looking at right now like I I
there's remember when we when we showed
that really cool uh Community project
where um someone made like a like an AI
searchable wow Q&A like prompt yeah yeah
so I kind of I asked like hey look if we
had a transcription of like every
question and answer we had ever done on
the WAN show like is that something that
we could we could provide to you to kind
of help train this tool and they're like
no not at this time um so this one like
put like an unlisted video and make a
bot that comments every single question
on Wow ever into it and then have
another bot that replies to each one of
those from the Creator Channel with the
proper response to build it
ourselves we can do this we have the
technology that's interesting you don't
like it Google we'll do it ourselves
here's my here's my problem with this a
reply from the Creator is supposed to be
a reply from the Creator and I don't
that's immediately why I winced yeah
this is this is this feels like a
falsification of that interaction like
when I reply to someone's comment in the
comments um I I do go out of my way to
sign it LS so you can tell it isn't
another member of the team but that
means I replied to you that doesn't mean
that an AI replied to you and honestly
and and I don't mean I don't mean any
disrespect to any the channels that do
this but when I go on a channel and
literally every comment has a reply from
the Creator that's like thank you for
your comment YouTube already has a
feature that suggests a quick reply it
just is super rudimentary it just isn't
very good it'll just say like thanks for
your comment or um you thanks so much or
something like that right um I feel like
that's like cringe and and crappy
um but this is worse because it's it's
almost like it's like misleading
manipulative look you want to get
parasocial let's get parasocial you know
fine you know let Le let's let's imagine
that we're pen pals with our with our
favorite Creator or whatever because
they they replied thanks for your
comment right but now we're we're almost
creating like a like a whole other like
like it's not even like real parasocial
instead you're getting parasocial with
an AI That's trained on what the Creator
had said in the past like I dude I don't
know it just seems pretty messed up
right it it's it's like masked Creator
AI because with with the Creator AIS
that were made when you know gbd4 first
popped off there was a bunch of like
date this twitch streamer things right
like I think there's an amaranth AI or
something like that those ones are overt
you know that you're interacting with a
fake thing
this one has the masking of it being
actually you um so you you can't know
and you have to know that certain
creators that do certain things on the
platform are going to use that to try to
amp up to put some jet fuel on the fire
of these parasocial relationships
because they benefit from it in X Y or Z
way um this is another there's so many
this is God it's like the most
frustrating thing with AI stuff is
there's so much cool things that we
could be doing with these tools but
instead um we're creating fake
parasocial relationships yeah we're
doing just all the like worst most toxic
possible things constantly it's so bad
it's oh man it's almost it's almost like
people are the problem Luke yeah people
are the problem and you know like I mean
these these tools are incredibly
expensive like the the GPU cost compute
cost the velopment cost of all these
things yeah the power cost everything is
insane for this infrastructure right now
so they're trying to find ways that it
can extract as much money as possible um
on that note uh this isn't in our this
isn't in our notes because it wasn't
something that YouTube announced at made
on YouTube um but one of the things they
talked about a lot you know how I've
discussed with you that I felt like the
days of the mega channel are kind of
numbered at this point yeah and and I
feel like YouTube is headed toward I
show had uh 1 million live viewers on a
live stream recently but okay so when I
say okay I should explain what I mean by
Mega Channel I guess what I mean is more
like um more like a variety Channel um
and I I mean it in when when I look at
the the tech space uh I'm referring to
to us because we do a little bit of
everything we do a review of a phone we
do a tour of a factory that makes um
that oh oh we do a tour of a facility
that recovers gold from electronic
manufacturing waste uh we do a video
where we walk into someone's house and
we cable manage it we do like we we do
we have these kind of random formats
that don't really have a Common Thread
other than the personalities right and
that they're for the most part about you
know tech and and mostly IT
Tech um
a lot of other like really high growth
highly engaged channels are much smaller
100,000 or 200,000 or 500,000
subscribers but they do one thing and
they do it really well like uh one that
I one that I really like is HDTV test um
he's up to I think somewhere in the
neighborhood of between 500,000 and and
a million subscribers or something right
now and he and he just he just talks
about display technology like panel
technology like really gets really gets
deep into it
and um one of the things that YouTube
talked about a lot but in a way that I
hadn't really thought about it before
because I was thinking about it in terms
of subject matter how people people are
are searching out ways to go deep and
and be and be part of a very very small
in the no Community um they kind of came
at it completely the other way and they
kind of went
like people are people are fans of just
about anything and you know one of the
examples they gave was uh there's this
bridge uh 11 fo 8 in or something like
that I forget what it is but there's
like a famous overpass or
bridge that sorry nothing oh that that
has like tons of videos of you know just
trucks like scraping the bottom or
hitting it or or what whatever else and
people will like take selfies with this
famous bridge okay yeah yeah yeah chat
chat knows what we're talking about the
days of
like Madonna you know being and okay
that maybe that's a bad example because
we have a current generation Madonna her
name is Taylor Swift but but my my point
is that the days of having like like one
person you know Johnny Carson you know
uh on on his late night show which I
forget what it's called was it tonight
show Late Show whatever whatever Johnny
Carson's show was like way back in the
in like the' 60s um he was like like a
single dominant force and if you like
watched TV you like watched that uh
these days like fandoms can be can be
tiny uh like there's they showed this
channel where this is a this is a
YouTuber that has over 150,000
subscribers and literally her entire
Channel fans of her Channel
are watching her be a fan of Taylor
Swift she uploaded a featurelength film
worth a video reviewing one Taylor Swift
album and and right so so you're not
even like so so there's I think I just
muted my mic am I good hello so there's
like proxy fandoms now almost and so so
so so I was thinking about it in terms
of like subject matter and they're
talking about it in terms of
like and they didn't quite say this part
but but the way that I interpret it as
as wanting to be part of a community
that isn't too big and almost like
finding something whether it's like
getting super deep into display panel
Tech or whether it's getting super deep
into like essentially the the online
version of like a of like a boy or girl
band uh fan group you know um that meets
after school right um
I forget where I was going with this I
have no idea to be completely honest
we're we're talking about AI stuff uh
and you're talking about how how Niche
creators are becoming more of a
thing yeah yeah I don't know how that
relates to AI stuff um are we talking
about the new communities
part no no yeah I forget that that's
that's fine okay um you were you were
about to admit lifelong Swifty oh no
that dude I no I don't have to I don't
have to I don't have to do I have to
admit that like I I think I've been
pretty
[Laughter]
upfront how YouTube is pushing okay yeah
yeah yeah not pushing toward smaller
creators but I I think is is um is
trending towards smaller creators and
yeah I forget exactly what point I was
trying to make but uh oh AI responses
right right right right right right
right right right so people crave
smaller communities is what I was trying
to say I think
there on the internet and maybe it in
society in general towards people being
actually finally fatigued and
overwhelmed by gigantic communities and
I think that one of the ways that that
is manifesting is as people is is people
craving much much smaller communities
and more Niche interests whether they
were naturally interested in them or not
part of the interest is being one of the
people who's into that band that no one
else knows and that that exists again in
a huge or exists now in a huge way and
so so they Illustrated that with fans of
this bridge or fans of a super fan of
Taylor Swift you like things that would
have never occurred to you in or
occurred to me in a thousand years like
maybe maybe other people thought of that
uh they they showed off this um this
Grandma she's like in her 70s and she
has a fan channel of like anime style
video games she's like I didn't pick up
gaming until about five years ago or a
few years ago during covid or something
like that I I forget exactly what they
what the video that she said in the
video they showed uh but I just like
love this and and people just people
just come and they and and they they
join in this in this fandom
and um
now I really forget exactly where I was
driving to with that but I I think
that's a big part of what's driving this
and right these AI responses I got there
so I haven't slept much these AI
responses it feels like they're designed
to create like a fake kind of intimacy
and smallness of community and almost
designed to pray I see where you're
going on that craving that people have
for being part of something small and
something personal something
intimate yeah that sucks that makes a
lot of sense that's where I was heading
with this and
look as much as you know as a business
person you know I look at this fandom
concept it's it's something that I think
you guys regular viewers of the W show
will know that I'm not super into when
we create a product I want you to buy it
because it's a great product
I don't even mind if you buy it if you
love the work we do and you want to
support our Channel but what I don't
want you to do is to buy it because
you're a fan I don't want you to just
mindlessly throw your money at us
because you're a fan with no capacity
for rational thought that's not that's
not what I what I ask of you it's not
what I want of you and I feel like I
feel like an Outsider with that
perspective I feel like
there's I feel like there's a lot of
people that um want to lean into
fostering that kind of Paras sociality I
don't know if that's a word um but that
kind of uh fan like behavior and um and
I don't think it's healthy and I don't
think that it is I especially don't
think it's healthy when it it's fake
like if I actually show up at LTX and I
actually like chat with you and take a
selfie and you have actually have a
really great personal interaction with
me or something and you're like yeah I
met lonus and he seems like a nice guy
at least to the extent that I was able
to gauge that from chatting with him for
31 and a half seconds at a trade show
right that that clarification kind of
matters but yeah I I do generally agree
with where you're going that's fine
that's at least sort of that at least
has somewhat of the like basis in
reality right in your real exp lived
experiences whereas if you tell me lonus
seems like a cool guy because he trained
a he used he created a data set and
trained an AI on how to reply to my
comment what
yeah yeah not great I I don't like it at
all um
I've said your name
before maybe maybe they can make this a
lot better uh by flagging what things
are AI
responses communicating to the user that
it was an AI respon brought that up um
in my opinion that would help a lot
because because honestly if these are
just like standard questions you get all
the time and you're just like yeah
whatever it typed out like a 20w thing
at that point they're basically just
like fancy canned responses um but even
a canned responses feature I think would
be useful for some people uh but yeah if
they're at least communicating I don't
feel like they intend to because I think
they want this to do the things that
we've been talking about but if they did
if they flagged it if they made it so
that it was in your face and obvious for
the user that this was you know lonus Ai
and not lonus um then that would be good
but you know what would be crazy I bet
you this thing would start signing
things off with- LS
it's trained off his comments right he's
he's probably the main commenter on the
channel every single one has no no
because other ones are are written by
other people lus isn't the only person
that has commented but I I still think
it would probably do it sometimes
because enough of those comments are
signed by Ls I'm assuming like at least
30 40% over 90% over 90%
okay okay yeah so then it's definitely
going to sign with DH LS which if it
isn't flagged as an i AI is immediately
egregiously misleading
um all right shall we keep talking yeah
let's see if it gets better from here so
far neither or none of these features
have really um made me concerned about
the future of content on the
platform this next one does um they're
adding an inspiration tab with AI
brainstorming and idea generation tools
with the intention again this is the way
they kind of communicated to us with the
intention being that it's it's a helper
you know it's an assistant um you know
you're still expected to to kind of feed
it I I asked like you know what are you
guys looking at in terms of like data
set like is this trained on uh my best
videos is it trained on my videos is it
trained on videos um from similar
creators that share a of over audience
overlap with me is it based on the
overall um what what's the word Corpus
of content on YouTube like what what
what's the data set for this and they
they didn't really get too specific
about it but um unfortunately I I did I
did try to ask some tough questions I
don't know why they keep inviting me to
these things honestly I uh tend to be a
bit of a thorn um I'm a nice Thorn I'm a
nice Thorn though nice Thorn um pretty
thorn
uh demure so the idea is that it's it's
a
Helper
but the the problem with any AI is the
second you start training it on
something that was AI
generated it starts to it starts to
Decay it starts to become a photocopy of
a photocopy and and the actual
creativity starts to disappear and I
guess what my concern is is that on the
surface I look at this and I go yeah
that could be kind of helpful I have a
couple of ideas I spitball them into the
inspiration tab it craps out a couple of
other you know ideas that are rift off
of yeah maybe some videos that were
really successful okay I go and make
that do we start doing that
enough that the videos that are being
uploaded to the platform while not
entirely AI generated are at least
influenced Enough by AI that we start
training our AI on AI inspired ideas and
start just like start losing some of
that humanness and some of that
creativity across the platform to your
point earlier I totally get that these
are not new tools I could totally just
do this in chat GPT right now yeah but
but this is specifically trained off of
YouTube exactly in what capacity not
sure but it's trained off of YouTube and
if it continues to be trained off of
YouTube are are we going to be like the
snake eating its own tail a little bit
here and just consume ourselves consume
everything
that's that's good about it that's
unique about
it yeah that kind of says it all doesn't
it I I feel like basically everything I
said about the vo 6sec Clips just yeah
again it applies to here um I'm not
surprised that they're doing it this
also feels to me like it's trying to
compete with Mr Beast new tool um Mr
Beast H what would you even call it how
would I find this Mr Beast YouTube and I
forget surprisingly surprisingly we
actually don't really subscribe to a ton
of like Creator
tools yeah view stats Pro um is a is a
Mr Beast tool um I think this is the one
is this the right one I'm pretty
sure I whatever some Mr Beast tool I'm
not 100% sure but I think this is it um
is it it does things like what you're
talking about it tries to show like if
you're like oh thumb thumbnail with a
golden controller um I I I believe it
can do things like try to find that for
you I I haven't used this in a while I
looked at it at one point in time so I
hope I'm not saying stuff that's wrong
um get to no Pro yeah organize and
brainstorm your next upload uh make
better decisions with different with
more data blah blah blah blah blah I
think they're trying to bring these
tools onto YouTube natively uh track
long and short outlier videos in each
category that one's actually pretty
interesting um search thumbnails by URL
and image
so you can if I remember correctly with
that tool you can search for
like thumbnails basically by giving
topics and then it'll try to find you
thumbnails for inspiration so you can
like fall in line with a type of theme
that's happening on the platform which
again just contributes to more
seism um which I don't
know again the tools already exist
they're just trying
to bring more eyeballs directly onto
YouTube and have them leave less I
think in non-ai features YouTube has
also added communities which are similar
to Creator control Discord servers or
subreddits where both the Creator and
their subscribers can post text links
and images this one believe it or not I
actually like um there's a lot of
friction moving people off platform to
be clear I don't see this as a
substitute for off-platform engagement I
think that off-platform engagement is
important but you know how we have both
float plane uh where we have like
37,000 paying subscribers right now so
we've got our float plane platform but
we also turned on YouTube memberships
which has like I think another 500 or
something like that members there's
certain
people did we hit 38 we're not quite but
we're 37,9 31 I know that's why I said
37,000 I didn't want to I didn't want to
I didn't want to exaggerate you can
Round Up by by 69 I think 69 is an
acceptable round number to round up on
I'll tell you what Luke I'll tell you
what why don't you screen share some of
the great exclusives we have on float
plan right now go ahead do it real quick
let's try to add the 69 wow
let's get it let's get it done and then
I can say we have 38,000 subscribers on
play okay wow so you you go ahead get
get get some get some uh get some cool
exclusives people might want to check
out up there and in the meantime I I
will keep talking um so we have about
500 members on YouTube as well I'm not
going to say no to people who are
willing they they pay they pay extra the
last time I looked at it they pay extra
we're transparent about that because
YouTube takes a very significant cut
there that does not go toward the
salaries of our developers who develop
flow plane um but they just don't want
to leave the platform and a lot of
people are like that they they just are
not interested in engaging off of the
YouTube platform and I think that there
should be features that allow us to be
there for them um and engage with them
like I I like Community posts um there's
actually a Fair bit of pretty solid
engagement there um solid
interaction I just wish that it was uh I
wish that community members could
interact with each other more easily
they've they've significantly tamped
down on the number of like sexbot
comments and stuff like that it's not
perfect there there's still oh it still
happens but dude you compare it to what
it was like a year ago arms race yeah it
it'll always happen to a certain degree
I think um they've improved a lot can do
give credit where it's due and I think
you and I have talked a lot over the
years about how underinvested YouTube
comments and Community
is so is this exactly the right way for
them to do it I don't know maybe maybe
not but is it something I think my
biggest problem with this is a complete
non-confidence that I have with Google
these days um to the point where there's
like serious conversations about ripping
out
um workplace solutions that we have at
at the company from Google right now
because there's a big question on like
what of this is even going to exist in a
year uh because they keep rug pulling
every single thing that they have uh and
then extremely core features that other
platforms and other companies are
providing these days YouTube is or sorry
Google is not providing so they're not
expanding in the way that other
companies are and they're just killing
products that people actually do really
like constantly so if they're going to
create this communities feature and
creators are going to invest into
because it is an investment if creators
are going to invest into making these
communities vibrant and trying to
encourage people to come over here very
likely cannibalizing their own already
created Discord communities um that have
been uh you know cultivated and grown
over the years have moderators built
into it have likely tools made for
moderation all this other type of stuff
that they've custom built for that or
custom tuned for that and then YouTube
rug PS this new community feature it
will be incredibly frustrating for
genuinely everyone involved and at this
point in time I have no trust in Google
that they will actually keep this around
because they've proven that that would
be misplaced trust um so there it would
be unwise for me to do so I think it's
also as much as I do like things like
Community posts um this feels like it's
creating yet another thing that has to
have moderation from it um from your
team or from your community this creates
a we have this we have
this problem where so many YouTubers are
doing weird creepy things with kids and
now this is another thing that parents
are going to have to be aware of in
regards to ways that there could be bad
communication um because I think it I
mean it took years for parents to be
properly aware of Discord um which like
even it's barely seem to be now barely
okay yeah I don't know in our parent
teacher conferences this year the
teachers brought up Discord for the
first time okay yeah so give some idea
of how long it takes for things to make
it to the mainstream something like this
is going to take forever um so there's
like H I want to like it if this was
honestly like eight years
ago I think I would have been super
stoked um but now especially in light
with everything else that's coming out
I'm just a little sketched out let me
play Devil's Advocate um
it's G to be hard but I'm going to try
um I believe in you Google you're right
kills a lot of stuff they kill a lot of
good stuff they kill a lot of beloved
stuff um they create a bunch of kind of
half-baked stuff and then they kill that
and that's probably for the best the
YouTube team do they really create and
kill that much compared to compared to
Google could we could we have a bit more
trust in the YouTube Team specifically
and I I'm just I'm just asking
questions uh do you want to jump on that
or you so they they did actually they
killed paid
channels um they did bring I think I
think it's called is memberships now
YouTube memberships they they brought
that back but it wasn't right away so
they got creators into the paid Channel
cycle and then dropped all of them while
they were developing the new ones they
they didn't develop the new one and then
convert everybody over they just dropped
everyone for at least a couple years I
think it was to the point where again so
this is this is actually a community
building thing right they had creators
build communities on these paid private
channels um or whatever exactly it was
called or however it worked it's we we
didn't use it and it's been a long time
um but they they had us included right
like we might have actually used that at
that time if it existed and was good um
but it it didn't um so they they got
creators like uh awesome sauce bitwit
Kyle um creators like that bought into
this ecosystem brought their users in
got people to subscribe built these
communities were were talking more
active all that type of stuff in that
Community trying to incentivize uh
people to actually enjoy their time
there right um and then all of those
creators just got completely dropped and
now they have to bring all of their
audience again to some other type of
platform all of their all of their
committing a Pat patreon or or whatever
else um and then they incre they start
YouTube membership and now it's like oh
my God so do I bring everyone back or do
I split and do both or what so like the
they have done that before I will say
however that I do generally agree that
the YouTube Team doesn't seem as rug
pulley as Google as a whole uh most of
the things that YouTube has introduced
there's there's some some semblance of
it still around I think you know what
came up in one of my breakouts at the
summit it's one of my favorite features
that they killed I never got into uh
stories on like Snapchat or any other
platform because I don't use those
platforms I actually really liked them
on YouTube and they never really fully
implemented the feature it literally
never worked on my folding phone um even
though that's Android you know and like
kind of a Google product and stuff and
then they just like quietly got rid of
it when they introduced shorts
and I uh and it came up in one of the
that people loved stories and were like
hey can you guys bring it back and
YouTube's YouTube's argument for why
they got rid of it and didn't bring it
back we conveniently had the person who
spearheaded stories right there in our
breakout these these Summits are really
amazing because we really do get access
to top level people at YouTube and get
to have these
conversations um the reason was
apparently even though creators really
liked it user engagement with it was
super low and so I don't know maybe you
guys you guys can tell me um you know
did you do you miss stories at all like
or do you just not care and and I maybe
just um kind of out of touch and like
feeling like you guys were engaging with
it um I we didn't really post that many
because my daily driver phone didn't
support it but uh yeah never used them
nope didn't care at all yeah so didn't
care didn't use so there you go I don't
remember it we got like one person who
missed them and cared that's about it
they're apparently kind of hard to use I
mean it was a half-baked implementation
so that's probably part of the problem
yeah but other than people have brought
up dislikes I I don't really see that as
taking away a feature so much as as
changing the functionality of the site
so I'm not sure I fully agree with that
one they definitely did get rid of
annotations I think
feature uh the ability to view dislikes
on a video yeah I think so well I think
I think that you could say the ability
to gauge sentiment on a video they've
made it worse but they didn't take it
away you can see they took away your
ability to to yeah that doesn't mean
anything when there's no dislikes Luke
I'm not a fan of the change I'm just
saying I don't think it's the removal of
a feature so much as it is the changing
of the functionality of a feature to
make it worse which is not a good thing
I just don't think it's quite the same
thing that's all I'm
saying they removed stories if it ex if
if it was an overall Karma counter I
think I would agree with you but because
you could separately see like and
dislike I think dislike is its own
feature at that point
like and dislike are separate features
if it was a combined total and they took
away your ability to see the combined
total or something that's that's
modifying it but uh yeah I don't know I
I think if it's dislike and with its own
counter they removing a feature which is
dislike um agree to disagree all right
fair
enough there you
go um YouTube is also testing a new hype
feature which they actually didn't talk
about really at the um at the summit
where viewers can choose to promote a
recent video posted within the last 7
days from a creator with fewer than
500,000 subscribers highly promoted
videos will appear in a special
leaderboard and will be marked as fan
favorites viewers can hype up to three
videos a week for free or pay for more
pay
for man so this is back to I guess
actually I I actually wasn't aware of
this one I didn't carefully go through
the made on you
um thing after we were like in person
showing a lot of it so I I didn't know
about this one uh this just feels like
monetizing superate communities again
yeah and and small creators cuz cuz what
you're if if you really want to make it
you're not going to pay for your own
channel to get
hyped oh about it that way yeah no
immediately that's that's what this is
for sure there are also you're also
going to have super fans that that do
that for sure I think they're mostly
going to use their free ones and then
you're GNA have some hyper super fans
that will actually use the paid version
and then I guarantee you small creators
that are really hellbent on making it as
a Creator whether this feature really
works or not are going to invest money
into hyping their own content um with
their own actual account or if it shows
whose account did it they'll just make
fake ones and do it that way ready for a
little bit more uh Devil's Advocate
sure wonky donkey in float plane chat
asks is this feature because there are
so many massive incumbents that no one
can rise
up is this potentially a
clumsy um flawed tool that could benefit
somebody I think if that was true
YouTube could just do it organically
which I think YouTube does extremely
successfully um I think YouTube is one
of if not the best platforms on the
internet for organic growth of a Creator
um I think something like twitch you
know is going to naturally based on how
twitch Works be a lot worse at that uh
but I see I see new creators on
YouTube uh you know if I if I was on it
every day I'd probably see new creators
on YouTube every day I think that's fair
I was I was Devil's advocating I was
Devil's advocating advocating advocating
extremely strong discoverability
mechanics already like it's it's
honestly really really good almost to
the point where it if anything it's like
pulling down its most successful
creators because it's kind of so
obsessed with showing you new stuff all
the time um all right let's get through
the rest of the YouTube stuff and talk
about some more let's let's let's move
on but there's a couple more things um
YouTube has confirmed they are rolling
out pause screen ads more widely so I'm
sure I know how you guys feel about that
um who cares yeah cool YouTube is also
expanding its creator takeover program
where advertisers can pay a premium to
take over all the ads on a particular
channel for some period of time uh just
so you guys know we were sent an email
from YouTube inviting us to join this
program and we have confirmed with them
that we do have the ability to opt out
of takeovers that are from advertisers
that we have a strong objection to cool
so we actually recently um reconfirmed
uh because they brought it up with us
again um that we have continued to be
opted out of any gambling and alcohol
related ads so you guys will not see
those on our Channel if everything is
running correctly and we will apply our
typical um our typical sponsor um
restrictions guidelines our typical
sponsor guidelines uh to these takeovers
as well the only exception you might see
is if we miss an email or something like
that like it it will it if something bad
happens it will be it will be an
accident um that's not me priming you
guys for that we're going to accident on
purpose I'm just saying we are not
perfect as you guys well know we are
very human and accidents do happen
um so that would be that would be why
that would happen uh we actually have we
have published our our
sponsor like our our sponsor guidelines
uh Luke do you have any idea where that
is it's on the Forum somewhere isn't it
uh it is it is on the Forum somewhere
but I just don't know
where yeah I don't I don't see it right
now and I yeah sorry if someone if
someone has the link post it in the
float plane chat uh but it's somewhere
on the Forum where we outline all of the
things that uh we are we are not okay
with at this present
time all
right oh wait I might have found it
lmg spons do not work with list
discussions yeah there we go there it is
uh we don't do drugs and alcohol we do
not believe this is responsible for us
to promote at this time we I love that
at this time you know we leave the door
open but not at this time uh crypto nfts
icos um this is not a field we want to
get mixed up in at this time uh credit
loans um we want to avoid promoting
these things directly we've worked with
banks and Financial in stions in the
past that offer these services but we
want to avoid promoting them directly uh
Drop Shipping as a service um after our
initial fact finding we worked with one
of these companies last year but based
on community feedback we do not plan to
again gaming chairs that do not
prioritize ergonomics um mental health
therapy we are pro therapy we advise
anyone reading this to prioritize their
mental health uh but we do not intend to
promote any companies who profit from
these services at this time online
sports betting um gambl more broadly we
do not believe this is responsible for
us to promote at this time pay to win
games so our bar for games is that we do
actually have someone internally play
the game if it can be enjoyed without
the need to syn money into it we know
this is a fine line but we're okay with
it um if it is absolutely not enjoyable
without uh paying money then we do not
um feel it is appropriate to promote at
this time and finally unproven
Kickstarter indogo campaign we will work
with companies that have a long history
of launching products um and that
basically just use these platforms as a
marketing vehicle but just complete
nobody's we just don't want people to
get burned and we've accidentally
promoted things that we were uh
really unhappy that we ultimately put
mostly back in like kickstarters Heyday
yeah yeah y so that's our that's our
guidelines and speaking of sponsors why
don't we tell you about our sponsors for
the show today I'm sorry I know we only
did one topic but it was a boy was it
ever a meaty one I didn't realize how
long we've been talking uh I have a play
to be at in an hour it's almost
three she was a the whole show she was a
talking about this for an hour and a
half well the problem is I'm not there
in person to see Dan's piece of paper no
that's okay I didn't stop you like this
is a pretty major thing right yeah
except the the one thing that's sad is
honestly the dock is really good this
week there's a lot of really good topics
we can push stuff to next week if it
comes to it but the show is brought to
you by vessie if your Home Server enjoys
shoo like mine does haaha thank you for
that Dennis you should check out our
sponsor vessie not only are there shoes
uh according to vessy waterproof okay
guys these talking points you got to
make sure that they are they are
compatible talking points I never say
anything's waterproof vess's talking
point is that they're waterproof I will
say that vessie says that but I will not
say anything is waterproof because by
that logic the Grand Canyon shouldn't
exist because rocks are waterproof but
water makes fools of us all anyway
vessie shoes they look stylish and they
just dropped their new Courtside classic
sneakers okay these actually look
awesome they have a classic '90s Vibe
with a modern twist they're perfect for
keeping your feet dry while fixing that
flooded basement just kidding thank you
again Dennis they're a great choice for
running errands during the day or taking
a late night City stroll and vessie just
Nails the combo of comfort and
functionality they've got a padded
tongue and collar plus a lightweight
design that makes you feel like you're
walking on clouds our team loves vessis
they're super versatile and right now
you can save 15% on your first purchase
by heading to
v.com
wow course we're also featuring
corsair's drop cstm 80 not just shoes
complete your look with a custom
keyboard from our sponsor wait what is
it oh wait what is this no this is not
what is what is Corsair doing in here
dang it you guys the show is also
brought to you by the drop cstm 80
complete your look with a custom
keyboard from our sponsor drop the drop
cstm 80 is a 10 keyless keyboard
offering a variety of customization
options its decorative top case fits
magnetically and seamlessly onto the
cstm 80s frame letting you choose from
multiple color options but it's not just
about looks the cstm 80 lets you
customize how it feels when you type two
you can choose from different keyboard
weights and switch plates to find your
ideal typing experience I've been
informed by the audience corser acquired
drop I totally missed that that's
incredible so I should just read I
should just um take a note from Mr will
Ferell and I should just um you know
[__] you San Diego um right I don't have
a bleep you don't have a bleep button
plus it's got hot swappable switches our
GB supports qmk via an vile check out
the drop cstm ad at
lm. cstm 8 or at the link in the video
description
why what it's a
reference it's a
reference sorry I might have done it
slightly wrong um
ah it's it's go f yourself San Diego
sorry sorry sorry okay should I explain
the reference like is that you try get
it this time is that's Anchor Man one
right yeah yeah yeah
um it's not swearing if you're quoting
someone 2004 I bet you there's a non-
insignificant amount of people watching
right now that were born after the
release of that movie by the way I think
some of them might work here yeah okay
okay I'm going to explain the joke I'm
going to explain the joke okay so in the
movie Anchor Man which is like one of
those kind of funny movies from the
early to mid 2000s
um the character is sort of a a blowhard
anchor man played by Will frell who was
much younger then
um sorry this is horrible uh basically
he just reads anything on the prompter
so at some point to mess with him for
some reason or another somebody puts go
f yourself San Diego on the prompter and
he just reads it so it's a quote it's a
reference okay just anyway oh my God
Sammy our social like float plane guy
says oh he was a meme back in the early
2010 Tammy he's not a meme he's an actor
speaking of Sammy though see speaking of
Sammy though Luke you never highlighted
uh you never highlighted any like uh
specials or exclusives or anything that
should compel people to subscribe we've
only gotten like 25 subscribers you've
got a you've got a milestone to hit here
I did no no you got to say it you got to
say it say it out loud verbalize it
Sammy you got to tell people too uh sell
Sammy sell I don't know there's there's
extras from like all the AMD ultimate
Tech upgrades including Elijah's uh
there's 46 minutes 46 minutes of extra
lonus and Elijah guys you got to
subscribe or you're not going to see it
there's a closer look from David on uh
why David is buying a PS5 Pro
um there's the continuing series of why
the W show is late um where that reason
is investigated every week uh there's
meet the teams there's tons of scrapyard
Wars extras from like every episode I
think uh which I think totals to like an
hour and a half of extras or something
it's it's crazy um look you don't have
to subscribe Forever This is a DRM free
platform once you're subscribed you can
just download any videos that you want
to watch
Luke let's be honest let's be honest
with the people we appre that's not even
what I'm sing about Sam's here and he's
very angry the problem is that we have a
download feature at all and have to
support
it you can use it as much as you want I
don't care hey look Riley week's coming
we Riley week is coming oh yeah going to
be sick when is that is that next week
uh two weeks from now two weeks from now
I think yeah that's that's the that's
what we have planned and so there's a
lot of extras and look we got to be
I can't hear lus sorry I'm hugging over
him okay we got to be real with the
people guys like you float plane is a
great way to support the work that we're
doing you keep Sammy employed um but
it's it's also just really great content
there's literally hundreds of videos
that are exclusive to float plane where
you guys can get like extra footage uh
meet the team behind the scenes um super
checks at post W show battles um like
actual like literally like 100 plus
hours of content um and to get
subscribed all you got to do is it's
like five bucks I think for the bottom
tier subscription so go go go go go go
go we got a milestone to
crack please please we lost one we're
literally down one compared to the last
time I said anything so wow good job
good job me good job Sammy it's nice
working with Sam so it doesn't update
instantaneously when people unsubscribe
updates when their subscription period
ends so someone's yeah just happened to
end in the last 10 seconds yeah yeah oh
my God okay well never mind the show is
also brought to you by ug
green our sponsor ug green is bringing
you some fast and fun charging
accessories for the new iPhone showcase
ug green Uno charger L you got it right
yeah it's the ug green Uno charger 100
wat robot it's funky design doubles as a
fun desk buddy when you're not using it
and with its detachable base you can
place it wherever you like plus the cute
emojis on the TFT screen change as your
device charges it delivers 100 wat fast
charging through it C1 and C2 ports
meaning your MacBook Pro and other Apple
devices will be Juiced up in no time and
it can even take the iPhone 15 Pro from
0 to 60% in just 30 minutes that's not
all you can charge up to four devices at
once with three USBC ports and a usba
port so no more plugging and unplugging
things from the wall check out the ug
green Uno series by using the link in
the video description that that actually
sounds super cute I can't I can't see it
but I imagine it is super
cute it is as cute Asing back to oh you
can see it there never
mind
cute all
right uh I guess we should probably do
another topic like I don't even know if
we're going to get to merch messages but
like we have a really good deal have to
many so yeah go for it
okay well we've got a really good deal
to announce
um it is 50% off our remaining water
bottle and spout lid inventory so uh the
link here is to the 40 oz bottle but I
think this applies to every bottle on
the site while supplies last water
bottles featuring the old spout lid as
well as individual purchases of the old
spout lid which many of you have noticed
is compatible with many other water
bottles are 50% off due to the discount
these productss are considered final
sale they are not eligible for return
but this is a really good deal you guys
are going to want to check it out the
reason we're clearing them out is we
finally have inventory of our new
in-house design spout lid and Luke is
not a huge fan I'm going to talk you
through why I think it's great and then
Luke can talk you through what he thinks
about it and you can decide for yourself
if you want to stock up on old water
bottles and spout Lids at the discount
or if you want to wait for the new one
so uh luk do you have the lid there yes
it features easier cleaning so there's
two O-rings there's the one between the
lid and the water bottle and then
there's the one between the spout top
and the lid both of those have pull tabs
on them now which make them much easier
to take out for cleaning the threading
for the spout top is on the outside now
rather than the inside we know that some
people are not going to like the feel of
the spout top thread against their lips
we went back and forth on this over and
over and over and over again and what it
kept coming down to is that our major
concerns with the old SP top lid were
two one was that the clip would break
pretty easily um too easily for us not
that easily like to be clear if you buy
one it's probably going to last okay as
long as you don't drop it but they did
break too easily and the new one is much
much harder to break and then the other
concern we had is that it's not the
easiest to clean and when it came down
to what our design goals were for this
product
easy cleaning was a major one and we
decided to keep the threads on the
outside so that it's much much easier to
clean the hinge has been reinforced to
prevent it oh wait I already said that
it is not yet released but it will be
included on the new restock of water
bottles um Luke has some
concerns yeah I think the the inre the
increased um you know
cleanliness features are genuinely super
cool and probably make the whole thing
worth it regardless um concerns Luke
there are some downsides that come with
it like one thing that I noticed is very
commonly with the old lid you could do
this um if you notice I didn't really do
much to it and it immediately went down
to this I'm trying to show but there's
it's black on a dark background um it
went on this downward angle with the new
lid if you if you whip it open even with
a bunch of force it just stays there
which makes it so that with that much
force it actually held position but when
you go to drink it it hits you in the
face um so you actually have to like
kind of click it down
um that results in some wear that I
suspect the support team will get
messages about on the little nubbins
that hold it in place but I've been
informed that those are designed to do
that uh so they're fine I just I think
the support team is going to get some
messages cuz they wear quite quickly um
or they first bit of wear yeah the first
bit of wear looks like a lot and then
and then it doesn't do much more I'm
assuming and then it doesn't do much
more yeah that that is something that
I'm actually not very concerned about
yeah sure and worst case scenario hey we
got you bro so yeah exactly and then the
the last one is the the threads on the
outside again genuinely a really big
bump for cleanliness and makes it worth
it but on the old one it's incredibly
easy to close I I use our water
bottles literally every single day
extensively I drink at least 64 ounces
of water out of our water bottles every
single day usually more than that so I'm
using Enthusiast constantly Luke has
made Gins of pee with our water bottle
oh yeah all of
them um so I have I have feelings about
this okay that's all um the old ones
opening and closing you you you can just
do that 100% accurate every single time
you I I know now that this is closed um
with the new ones that is not the case
because the threads on the outside are
less reliable um so like did that work
no um and I can tell because the whole
lid kind of rocks back and forth but if
you just like grab it and turn it it
will work like it's fine it's not that
it doesn't close it's just that like
this old maneuver that I used to do to
like flick it off and flick it back on
instantly every single time no longer
works with 100% reliability so if you're
coming from the old lid just don't trust
a a random spin because yeah again it
didn't it didn't actually happen but if
you just twist it closed um it does go
and will hold so I don't know just
something to be aware of there's a few
questions Matt man asks um would you
sell the O-rings with the tabs
separately I would buy them but I don't
like the outside threads uh they are not
compatible with the old Lids
unfortunately again to improve the
sanitation sanitar uh to improve the
ease of cleaning uh we did redesign the
lid even though it cosmetically looks an
awful lot like the old one similar yeah
it's not the same y um the new what do
you mean I'm not happy with Luke's
complaints Luke brought these up before
the show and I was like you should talk
about them like where we believe in
transparency I don't know how many times
I have to prove that do you need me to
cut open a
lid is it I'll go to 105 L lid L I'll go
to 105 oh we got a band saw I'll do it I
haven't broken something in a while I
like I said I use these every day I know
I know some people say that uh they've
broken a bunch of the hinge arm things
I've never broken one of them I don't
necessarily know what's causing that to
happen I throw them around all the time
oh maybe I just don't drop them that
makes sense and not all of them are weak
it's like it's a it's a it's a plastic
flow issue it's not obvious looking at
it why it would be weak but sometimes
the way the plastic it's so ours isn't
actually that much like bigger but the
way the plastic flows and cools
um it will be it will be much stronger
it looks a yeah you can you can tell
it's bigger but it's not it's more to a
water bottle there's so much more to a
water bottle lid than I think most
people would probably think about this
one was very thoughtful I promise you
that yeah um I I would I would The more
I've thought about it I should probably
get these even though I I don't love the
threads on the outside um just because
it's going to be cleaner I clean mine
all the time but still this is very
simple to clean which makes me believe
that it's going to become more clean uh
because some topics Luke oh okay yeah
sorry all right as much as I'd love to
keep talking about our merch we got to
do some topics uh Linux Gamers can no
longer play GTA 5 Rockstar has updated
GTA 5 with battle eyee anti-che breaking
Linux compatibility and rendering steam
deck players unable to play the games
online multiplayer notably GT 5 was one
of the top 10 most popular games played
on the platform last week and has been
in the top 20 for the past two years it
is not entirely clear why Rockstar did
this the company has blamed valve for
the issue and directed all questions to
them however according to a 2021 comment
from valve battle eye is fully
compatible with their proton
compatibility layer and developers
simply have to email battleye to enable
it in fact there are already many games
using battle eye that are supported by
proton nice as a potential Silver Lining
to the recent Cloud strike sorry Crow
strike you mean is this a is this a typo
uh Cloud strike yeah it's a typo okay I
was like what's Cloud strike um
Microsoft appears to be preparing to
push security software outside of the
windows kernel which would likely
possibly include anti-che yeah May in
turn allow for more games to work on
Linux yeah oh is that the good news that
you were referring to before yes yeah
that's pretty cool that's actually
enormous
like I don't know I I know a very
significant amount of people that only
don't want to switch to Linux at this
point because of multiplayer games that
they wouldn't be able to play because of
anti-che um this is so cool this is this
is actually massive it's it's in my
opinion maybe cuz I don't play GTA
that's probably accurate uh a bigger
story than the GTA 5 thing if it
actually happens if they pull anti-che
out of the kernel and then we're able to
get
more of the games that were previously
kind of locked to Windows onto Linux
that will be enormous
um yeah regarding um your game that
doesn't work anymore in at least one
case it seems a player was able to get a
refund for GTA 5 on Steam but another
person on Reddit apparently had the
request
rejected uh a message from Steam support
seems to suggest that valve is working
with Rockstar to fix the issue uh we do
need to get through a few more topics
here just because I have a play to go to
hey hey V what are we seeing again we're
seeing the Great Gatsby I'm very
excited um Nintendo has finally sued
calor but in a kind of surprising way um
Nintendo and the Pokemon company of
which Nintendo is part owner announced
they have filed a lawsuit in Tokyo
district court against pocket pair the
developer of the Indie Smash Hit pal
World while Pokemon fans have expected
this to happen for some time like
basically from the moment that game came
out the nature of the lawsuit is not at
all what anyone expected when pal world
came out Twitter threads like the one
Luke is about to show you guys purported
to show Pals from pal World whose
designs plagiarized the designs of
Pokmon essentially accusing pocket
parir of copyright infringement so many
people made complaints uh to the Pokemon
so many people made complaints to the
Pokemon company that they released a
statement saying they didn't Grant
permission of Pokemon IP or assets but
Nintendo isn't suing over copyri right
so like Art and Design at least not yet
they are suing over the infringement of
multiple patents meaning that they're
arguing that palor a survival crafting
third person shooter with indentured
servitude as a core feature is
functionally similar to
Pokemon okay the patents that Nintendo
fields are being infringed have not been
revealed but one good guess is a patent
found by PC Gamer it broadly covers a
game system that allows switching
between two modes where the first mode
is aiming and throwing an item that
imparts an effect on a character in an
Overworld and the second mode is aiming
and throwing a fighting character in an
Overworld to perform an action such as
fighting another
character to be clear this patent does
not cover a game program that allows a
player character to catch a character
only during a
fight what okay okay hold on hold on an
example of what Falls within this patent
is contained in Pokemon Legends archus
the first mode would be how players can
throw items at Wild po outside of combat
the second mode would be how you can
throw a Pokeball containing a tamed
Pokemon at a wild Pokemon to initiate a
fight or at something like a tree to
collect
berries you can patent
that a lot of gaming patents are really
stupid the directional Arrow from Like
Crazy tacki Taxi who they sue Simpsons
Hit and Run the pointy directional Arrow
uh mini games and loading screens that's
what there's like hundreds of these EX
really stupid oh yeah
crazy
dude yeah that's trash and I don't like
it yep are you here good news the good
news here okay is pocket pair made
enough bucket loads of money and must
have known that this was coming that
they will maybe be able to defend
themselves maybe we'll see uh Japanese
Court not American court for people that
are trying to be loal
right now oo Japanese Court that's going
to be rough yeah um not that I'm saying
it will be biased I'm just saying this
is clearly Nintendo's home turf where
they are going to have more experience
also a bunch of people are pointing out
that apparently the Microsoft moving
antivirus out of the kernel thing won't
stop uh anti-che maybe something maybe I
don't know I haven't read super deeply
into it was just hoping that would be
the case and I know some other people
were echoing that as well um so we'll
see what happens um I wonder if the
excitement from everyone of that
happening might incentivize anti-che
companies to look at Linux a little bit
more even even that I don't know just
pocket pair is also hold on sorry pocket
pair also Japanese but what I suspect is
they have far less experience navigating
the court system there Nintendo does
yeah when I say home turf sorry my
intention was not to say Japan my
intention was to say specifically
Japanese Court yeah yeah yeah
oh boy well good luck pocket pair um how
much time do you
have uh Hey Von how long's the
walk how long's the
walk I'm finding out uh oh quick
clarification from our degoogle your
life part two video uh we discussed next
cloud and we said next cloud is more
home user whereas own cloud is more
Enterprise uh we had a chat with
nexcloud about this and they said hey
that's kind of outdated information and
they actually according to them have
significantly larger customers than
owncloud with some installations in the
many
millions um so I just wanted to clarify
that cool uh okay I need to go fairly
soon should we smash some merch messages
before you go and then save these topics
for next week because we haven't done
any merch messages uh sure let me just
see if there's anything extremely
important yeah Asus refused to repair a
service center damaged laptop by
Reddit user Matrix who works as aior
effects technical director recently
alleged that an authorized as service
center that he asked to repair his
$12,000 Pro art laptop instead seriously
damaged the device damages included a
screen that was cracked from corner to
corner as well as having at least one
corner shattered this kind of sounds
like shipping damage but hold on let's
keep going the internal frame was
allegedly deformed and the display
surface peeled off at the edges
according to animatrix the service
center initially denied responsibility
then confirmed that the staff had
damaged the laptop after anim Matrix
called their head office animatrix
claims that Asus refused to replace the
laptop with an equivalent because it is
out of warranty despite the fact that
this would be a matter of liability not
warranty it nonetheless took over two
months to get Asus to repair most of the
damage animatrix further says that the
original problem with the laptop which
the authorized service center
incorrectly said would require the
motherboard to be replaced was later
fixed by a smaller service center
without replacing the motherboard the
laptop was originally provided by Asus
to animatrix in exchange for promoting
their proart line using their work in
feature film visual
effects that last bit complicates this a
lot when
we
h h
why does that change
things well I don't think that changes
things at all to be honest this was an
outof warranty repair that he did at an
authorized service center that they
broke his computer at so it's it's a
it's I don't think it really has
anything to do with how he got it
included internet frame they confirmed
if I took my car which is hold on it was
it did they know it was out of warranty
I'm just checking yeah no this is out of
Warrant okay no you're right you're
right then it
nothing do with how we got it yeah yeah
okay cuz if it was a sample and this was
a warranty conversation then that gets a
little bit hairier because there can be
an understanding that like yeah well you
know here it is but like whatever it is
what it is if this is if this is a
service center and an outof warranty
situation if they damaged it man they
they've just got to figure out what
their escalation workflow needs to be
because i' I've talked about this at the
very highest level the willingness to
make these things right is there they
just have such a a
broken broken process that like now I'm
the one who has to raise this the media
is the one who has to talk about this
instead of just getting the customer
message through to the people who can
make this decision and make it right
yeah cuz like if you read the Reddit
threat honestly this this Skips a lot of
steps um if you read the Reddit thread
if I remember correctly at one point in
time they tried to offer him like
uh some like this is $112,000 laptop
right this is a professional laptop
probably with like a Quadro card in it
stuff like that like there's this is not
a normal laptop um if if I remember
correctly they tried to offer him some
like 8 gig whatever random standard
Normie laptop um in response to it which
he was fairly obviously like no which is
why it took so long
to actually get
solved this is really frustrating they
they just need to get it together they
need to have like a global escalation
line they need to staff it with people
who are empowered to make these
decisions and they just need to deal
with this like I'm so I'm so tired of
seeing
this they've got to be tired of seeing
this you
know yeah um the last thing we said we
would talk about is the ryzen 9000
launch um according to uh mind Factory a
large German e retailer specializing in
electronics um they have publicly
available sales numbers that show
they've only sold a couple hundred units
of 9,000 Series chips since their La
since their launch however this doesn't
reflect how well AMD is doing in the
pre-built Market which seems to be
significantly larger that's uh wow
that's a bummer I guess it turns out
that
super um
I guess it turns out that when you've
got
x3d anything other than
x3d is going to kind of not
matter
um all right why don't we do a couple
merch messages uh watch we can explain
how they work real quick uh the way to
interact with the show which I guess is
I mean are Luke and Dan are you guys
going to stick around a little while
longer you're not obligated to but like
prob try get through the merch messes I
sent you a message on teams L but yeah
we we can we stay for a bit but yeah I I
think just to speak on the ryzen topic
for a quick second I totally agree
everyone's waiting for x3d I think
that's what basically every reviewer
told people to do I think the the the
coolness of 99000 Series in in the areas
that it does matter is extremely minor
and no one really cares and the the
sales that have gone to it have probably
been non gamer just people building a
new computer and it's just the thing
that happens to be out and that's it I
think that's all the sales dude if I if
I was doing like the the trunk computer
for my like car gaming setup again I'd
probably put 9,000 Series in it sure
just cuz like extra well you know right
right it's niche but like the extra heat
really matters there yeah but again x3d
chips are so efficient
too I I would just be waiting for the
next x3d series 9000 x3d is going to
be oh I hate making predictions these
days I think 9000 x3d is going to be
really good though I'm I'm actually kind
of stoked I hope I I hope I get to be
right because like I I just want
cooltech to talk about that if I'm
biased by anything it's that I'm biased
to like have something cool to talk
about and like play with um all right
merch messages all you got to do is
throw something in your card on LTD
store.com send us a merch message we
don't really do super chats or quick
twitch bits oh that close or twitch bits
or or any of that stuff it's better if
you're going to throw many at your
screen that you're going to get some
highquality merchandise in the one of
our 50% off water bottles that we're
running for the next little bit while we
clear out the ones with the old lid
design um you can
also um back order a Precision
screwdriver um and Dan if you want to
show people how merch messages work they
go into the queue to be responded to
later Dan will reply to them now or he
will throw them to the show for to
respond to in real time Dan hit me sure
I got a bit of a juicy one here we're
not going to do too many hey lld any
thoughts on the threemile island nuclear
plant coming back online with an
exclusive delivery deal with Microsoft
dystopian or green power for power
hungry
AI That's face I made I got it I
actually I actually hadn't heard about
this and I was so on board because
nuclear power has this like bad rap that
just needs to stop
um like it's not perfect nothing is
perfect but good Lord compared to just
like burning fraking coal like it's the
Industrial Revolution like are you
kidding me Bas we at war or not I was
like this sounds I was like this sounds
fair enough I was like this sounds great
um until you said the last part and then
I thought back to that Hydro power plant
in BC that apparently is dedicated to
running a crypto Farm and I was like man
really like really yeah yeah
yeah yeah I don't know I hadn't heard
about this uh I don't
know really it's better than burning
coal unless there's an act of War yeah
yeah but like this isn't replacing any
of the dirty power that like we're
producing for things people actually
need this is just oh
yeah yep well wait is this for is this
for
Microsoft yeah so I mean they were going
to do something so it's either build a
coal plant or do this because there
there's there's all these projections
right now of the power generation that
the states is going to have and how it's
going to change over the next coming
years and how it's going to massively
outpace um previous Productions and y y
y so this power increase is going to
come from somewhere um so I understand
what you're saying where like we're not
we're not replacing like heating
people's water with coal um but they
were going to make it somehow um all
right so it's either more coal plants
new ones or this or something else I
don't know right there's there's all
different options how about we oh okay
well okay you know what fine if this is
a if this is a thawing of The Frigid
enthusiasm that there's been around
nuclear power for a while then then I
then I'm
happy there yeah
okay Dan hit me sure oh geez let's see
lonus I thanked my wife for make uh for
doing my laundry as you said any news
about the moist pocket thank you for
solving my problems greeting from
Belgium and my wife I forget what the
moist pocket even is I think it was in a
pair of pants you designed like an
internal
pocket the I dude I say random stuff all
time I do remember this there was like a
a zippered internal pocket a pair of
sweatpants or something like that water
resist moist pocket oh it was like s
just like cuz if you just have like a
sweaty ass then I guess like your stuff
won't get wet um it might be a typo they
are from Belgian and there's Samar yeah
I I think I was eting guys I don't think
we're going to have a moist pocket any
pocket can be a moist pocket yeah I mean
nothing's impossible but not today not
today I am oh I am wearing the new cargo
pants though if you if you do have one
see me right now don't call it that um
yeah yeah there cargo
pants all totally normal
Pockets yeah lots of them
though lots of moist Pockets lonus how
are you doing for timing you have five
minutes over now I believe you still
okay uh I need to go in like 5 minutes
okay can do uh question for lus with
your tyan what's your opinion on
Porsche's new EVS updated tyan Manan EV
718 EV will you buy a new Porsche EV in
the future why or why
not it's funny my nickname for my car is
the taant because it like has issues
with it sometimes um it's been recalled
like four times or something like that
overall though I love driving my car uh
like Luke has heard me talk about it a
fair bit like outside of wow uh that is
a that is a happy purchase the
acceleration is you know not the most
important thing for killing it at the
track and whatever but I I
um I like driving around in something
that literally accelerates the way the
incred coaster does at California
Adventure Park um my kids love it
they're always like do launch control do
launch control you know like it's I I
enjoy it I like my car um I do want to
test drive the Maan just because I'm
like kind of curious
I uh I have no interest in the 718 I
don't even I don't even really
understand Porsche's lineup like it it
doesn't really makes sense to me like
the whole 911 91 something like I I
don't understand like the different
generation nomenclature I'm not really a
car guy I just I just like my car um but
yeah I want to test drive the Maan I'm
curious about it uh the new tyan the
main benefit that would affect me
because it's all like oh it has better
driving Dynamics I'm like sure yeah I'm
I'm not going to take this thing to the
track so the main benefit to me would be
the better range but the range doesn't
bother me on mine I don't road trip in
it who would road trip well okay someone
might it's actually very very daily
drivable um but I don't I don't road
trip so it doesn't bother
me there that's all I have to say about
that okay sort of two more for you he
L's excited to get my hoodie but I
noticed I can only buy mystery color
anyways I was wondering if you had any
advice what would you give to a high
schooler in grade nine thank you for all
you
do n take every course you can for free
because Education costs a fraking ton of
money the second you graduate from high
school yeah but not just academics I
took like metal art and jewelry and it
was like hugely you never know when
something is going to come in handy like
we my my wife and I did a did a like a
make your own earrings class on a
weekend and we made her a pair of
earrings that's like you know special
and Handmade by us we each made one and
they kind of match but kind of don't so
they're you know very handcrafted like
that and taking metal art and jewelry
was really useful for me being more
decent at it you like I don't know you
never know just like broaden your
horizons keep your horizons
Broad do all of it hey have you
considered doing a follow-up on EXT
extreme Tech upgrades to see what people
regretted or would have done differently
thanks we have thought about that as a
float plane exclusive um but we should
definitely note it Dan if you don't mind
forwarding that to as a reminder to
Sammy um it'd be great to to get that
series rolling speaking of float plane
exclusives Luke we have 37,000
subscribers on Flo plane nice we did not
make it oh we didn't make it never mind
37,9 68 sorry brother oh when we get one
more it'll be cool that's a sub goal
that's a sub goal that I like a lot if
we get one more I'm happy sorry we got
we got about half of the way there all
right cly goal um no it's not did did
you say oh yeah I'm going to forward
that to Sammy that's all I've really got
for you lonus I do have one message here
that I got
privately um
apparently it's map's wedding day today
yes oh
wow yeah yeah congrats M uh long time
long time um member of our community
especially over on the Forum uh
congratulations I really hope you aren't
watching the show right
now I've got a so we'll see you in the
VOD we'll see you in the VOD
buddy congratulations we apparently got
one more by the way on float plane Luke
oh ni we are at 37 969 so
something thank that's something for you
thank you whoever did that I appreciate
it thank you uh the rest of these are
probably good for Luke if you want to uh
leave us alone get out of here I'm going
to a play I'll see you guys in person
next Friday right okay have fun enjoy it
okay um okay and I'm just going to do
this in advance I'll see you again next
time uh next week same bad time same bad
Channel and then Luke you can just have
a super delayed uh that thing you do
don't say bye cuz I'm contract obligated
to immediately end the outro if you do
that yeah don't do it Luke don't do it
do it don't I know not even a j stop it
stop it you can't do it I know it's a
reflex oh okay keep everyone on seat all
right let's do it we're not going to
we're not going to do this forever but I
got a couple more we yeah we'll fire
through the rest of the merch messages
and then probably get out of here I
don't think we're going to do any topics
we'll just move those to next week
there's some really good topics there's
some really juicy ones yeah um so we'll
we'll talk about that next week but yeah
we'll we'll get the rest of the merch
messages and then and I can actually
send Sammy a message and he's still at
work it's not 10 p.m. yeah followups FP
exclusives okay uh let's see hi Luke who
have you recommended cyber security con
uh who are your recommended cyber
security content creators I haven't
found many that aren't purely
educational besides darket
Diaries purely
educational
uh like I I think he wants like LTT but
cyber
security we broke into a bank and stole
on their money uh I I think my my the
there's a bunch that I I watch kind of
on and off I'm not very good at
remembering names so that this isn't
going to be awesome for that uh but
low-l learning and John Hammond are ones
that
I frequently go back to I got to
remember I'm looking over here now right
yeah there yeah there we go uh lowle
learning and John Hammond are are ones
that I will I will frequently go back to
um there's other people that you know
talk about it like even even Thor or um
pirate software will will talk about
cyber security stuff sometimes um there
are a bunch of other cyber security
creators that I watch outside of those
two as well but
um yeah I don't know yeah I'll go with
that
yeah without like bringing up my YouTube
and finding them uh those are the ones
that I'm remembering off top of my head
right now
so that are now LTT Stables uh I don't
know how many still are um kick farted
was uh a thing of mine which kind of
died alongside Kickstarter um it's not
not as popular anymore so that oh Dan
was muted Dan say it again do it again
gosh darn it hey LDL gavon from the
Netherlands Luke in a previous W show
you'd mentioned that scrapyard Wars was
rally pitched by you did you pitch any
other Concepts that are now ldt Staples
yeah quite a few of them have died off
is essentially what I'm saying so we had
Tech showed down
um which I thought was amazing I thought
the content was
fantastic um but people didn't really
watch it so we had Tech Showdown one
which was candy battle um we had candy
battle part two which got even less
views candy battle went all the way to
part four that might be part of the
reason why cuz that was a one-day shoot
that we moved into four videos and all
the thumbnails were literally identical
except for the part number changing that
might have impacted it to a certain
degree Tech Showdown the pixel PC thing
was fantastic but they in general just
um didn't get a ton of views um Tech
shown and scrapyard wars were the two
that were like very
much me most the rest of them were
collaborative think tanks if that makes
sense um like even Tech quickie um I had
something to do with the original
ideation of that that because I remember
I remember going to Best Buy and taking
pictures of all the labels trying to get
inspiration for for some of the really
early episodes
um I don't know yeah a lot of a lot of
the
the things that have been on the channel
for a really long time recurring themes
um I might have been a part of ones that
I know I wasn't was like the ultimate
Tech upgrades the Intel or AMD ones I
had nothing to do with any of that uh
um I don't know secret shopper I had
nothing to do with yeah a lot a lot of
the old school stuff um I would have at
least been a part of pitching it um I
don't know that's a long rambly answer
but yeah Tech Showdown and scrap red
wars were the main ones that were just
like only really me at the beginning
like when it was pitched for the first
one and then from there it it usually
moved on to other people like the most
recent scrap Wars I I didn't do anything
to plan it literally at all I didn't
even know what the theme was I didn't
know anything going into it um that was
all other people so they've they've kind
of passed on from my hands now but
yeah hey D I am uh working cyber
security professional for a similar
sized company as yours how do you manage
people's expectations when going through
the transition of being ad hoc startup
to corporate Luke just implodes yeah um
[Laughter]
Li isn't here you you're you're okay
it's a it's a problem for a bunch of
reasons it's a problem internally and
it's a problem externally um I don't
know how many companies have as much
light on them externally as we do um but
um cough cough let's look at the lab for
a second um people seemed to assume that
you know almost in instantaneously upon
the lab existing our our testing was
going to be at um some new level just
overnight
um and I I think that created a lot of
pressures
which those pressures were a little bit
antithetical to some of the ideas of of
how the lab should have worked which
created the cyclical problem where they
just anyways uh that created a bunch of
issues both internally and externally um
I
think I I love the like when when like
the YouTube channel gets hacked back in
the day uh and people are like what
channel that got hacked as if as if that
has anything to do like as if we're
cyber Security Professionals for one and
then for two as if everyone in the
company is like what are you talking we
set a fire a computer on fire the other
week to like make it cool down we don't
do cyber security yeah there's there's a
lot a lot of like really weird
expectations come from people that have
often no idea what they're talking about
um I had them before I started here I
was super intimidated that everybody
here was going to be a computer expert
and you have me coming in doing tech
support and it's like hi my computer's
broken and I'm like oh God here we go
like over the monitor was turned off
they're just all like experts at their
like it's a joke right like actually
happen here oh yeah I think it was
unplugged slightly like the power cable
was half unplugged which is fine but
like you know they're all experts at
doing their thing yeah not necessarily
experts do so much stuff dude we're we
so many companies stuffed into one
straight jacket 11 or straight jacket uh
straight jacket feels accurate we are in
separate
coat
coffin no yeah we I don't know want to
suck your
tips we do we do so many things we we
not only is there a merch company but
they actually like engineer and develop
their own stuff and tools and crazy
things like that that's an entire
massive company potentially by itself
this video platform thing uh we have the
the content creation arm we have our own
business team sad of farming it out we
have our own editors instead of farming
it out we have our own accountants
instead of farming it out we do so much
stuff we have the lab we have Logistics
we have procurement we have like I I'm
sure I'm
missing uh the half the company somehow
there's there's there's stuff you you
handle everybody's like backline stuff
right the teams and the Google and the
oh infrastructure yeah
that either we've got Global
infrastructure and local infrastructure
yeah that's true we have cloud and local
we do we do so many things it's
ridiculous we got Enterprise data
storage collections people are like you
have 100 employees we're in a company of
100 jobs this thing must be perfect and
it's like well no we don't have 100
employees working on that we have one
yeah and then 100 other jobs yeah cuz
we're 11 companies which is awesome like
I think it's one of the of the things
that people really like about working
here is there's so much going on all the
time and there's so much potential for
you to do different things within the
company like it's it's all cool things
but it creates sometimes I think a
misconception of from from certain other
people about how things work around here
um how how could they make this one
small mistake they have a hundred people
to prevent it it's like no we we don't
we do a lot of different things also we
release an incredible amount of content
and are human so maybe chill out for for
a second speak for yourself
um I am a robot um I a meat popsicle but
yeah managing expectations I think
um one of the best things you can do and
I I'll word it this way because it
usually gathers more people's attention
but one of the best things that you can
do is lie about
timelines what I really
mean is one of the best things you can
do is be realistic about
timelines but everyone involved whether
it's software developers whether it's
building contractors whatever they all
think that everything's going to go
perfectly and that they're going to get
it done at this optimistic and and
realistic looking timeline and then not
everything goes perfectly and it takes
twice as long and this happens every
time so just get the timeline suggestion
from whoever you're working with and
just double it and then it's probably
accurate it's not you're you're lying
about the timeline but you're actually
not you're being being realistic
understanding that things are going to
go wrong that when you're building
bespoke things when you're when you're
working on new stuff when you're not
just turning up the same thing over and
over and over and over again in a very
practiced and measured way then stuff
happens things don't fit to schedule so
you need your schedule to be malleable
so you can deal with that the best way
to manage expectations in my experience
is uh the extremely old saying of under
promise and overd deliver don't set the
expectations too high and if people have
expect expectations that are too high
despite that meet with them and try to
bring those expectations back down to
reality because um it'll just be better
for
everyone so yeah
anyways okay what else we
got hey lonus Luke and the talent and
old W talked about whale tier float
plane Subs with free merch have you
considered a tier that gives store
credit monthly Luke would it be easier
to have one bird or nine Birds
are these the same question there's two
questions okay I think one of them I
don't know answer both of them I don't I
don't care all right pick pick one your
birds a float plane subscription that
gives you store credit sounds super
weird to
me is you're giving us money to give you
money I don't know maybe people would
like that it would be like you buy a
float plane subscription and you get a
gift card yeah yeah essentially but like
is that good do you want
that discount in the
store I don't know we've got some plans
there's some cool plans coming up for
for flow plane LTT store collaboration
um eventually I kind of want it to go
the other way around I have this idea we
are not close to this we are not
currently working on this do not ask me
in 3 weeks when is this feature coming
it might never happen Okay no I'm
setting expectations I'm doing what I
just talked about Leave Me Alone um but
I think it would be cool if maybe
eventually we thought about potentially
working on a system where when you buy
merch on LTT store you get float plane
subscription time and if you currently
have a float plane
subscription it essentially just like
buffers back your renew date so like uh
say you're you're you know you're super
into the mer mer and you really like the
content on Flow plane and you buy a
bunch of stuff in LTD store and you're
actively subscribed with a credit card
on Flow plane well buying stuff on LTG
store would like push back when you have
to get build again on Flo plane if that
makes sense um or would just every time
you buy something on Flo plane store uh
on LTD store maybe you just get a little
bit of Flo plane time for free and you
you weren't previously subscribed I
think both of those are pretty
interesting use cases we are
far from that being a thing I don't know
if that'll ever be a thing etc etc etc
stop please leave me alone um there are
many other things are working on before
then but I think Bridging the two in a
variety of ways is cool um I think a lot
of the people that like things from LTT
store are probably similar people to the
people that like Flo plane um so I like
the idea of somewhat of a collaboration
between the two platforms um but uh for
a variety of reasons you know both of
them not originally being built with
that in mind uh it's not necessarily the
easiest thing ever but would be cool for
people and is something that we are
definitely interested in doing um
someday sometime not soon go away uh and
then is it easier to have one bird or
nine uh it's definitely easier to have
one bird but I would highly suggest that
you have two um not nine and not one
birds are flock animals and if you are
not literally home all the time um then
they're going to feel abandoned by their
flock which is bad so you want to give
them a little buddy and then nine Birds
sounds like an incredible amount of work
to deal with um one bird or nine Birds
is a yard reference I think
oh well I haven't been keeping up with
my my yard listening so maybe I don't
know the reference but yeah there we go
is there any more I got two more for you
here then I got to get
think
new
what I
see I don't play Pokemon go the way a
lot of people play
it so I I don't I don't play as much in
in like I don't pay as much attention to
the updates and stuff I was muted again
God somebody asked me what I think about
the new update to Pokmon go what do you
think I don't really know what they're
talking about if they're talking about
the Dynamax thing yeah I think so uh it
seems kind of neat actually because I
like that the Dynamax locations are not
super far apart I do think most Min Maxi
gamers are going to interpret this as oh
I should get in my car and drive to all
of these um which sucks a lot but I
would hope that people notice that
there's a limited amount that you can do
every day so as long as you have the
time you might as well just go walk to
them and then they're close enough that
it's fairly reasonable to walk from
point to point um so I'm using it as a
walking thing if that's the update that
they're talking about uh then yeah I
think it's generally a good thing it
incentivizes getting out there and
getting new stuff because your old
catalog of Pokemon are useless in that
Arena um and hopefully it gets people
out walking if it does not result in you
walking I think it is a bad feature that
you should ignore in regards to playing
Pokemon go because I will yet again say
that I think Pokmon go itself the game
is actually terrible um but as mechanism
to get you outside and walking it is god
tier it is it is both of those at the
same time all right next up okay Luke as
a man who drives cars until I get in as
a man who drives cars until I get the
best tradein value by pushing it to the
scrapyard I understand your love of the
current car have you thought about what
comes after The Magic Smoke not really
um pretty much All My Hope has gone
into uh Acura releasing
a um a plug-in hybrid version of the
like what are they on right now TLX or
whatever
um that's been a hope I hope they do it
soon so that by the time I want to buy
it I can get a used one that's a few
years old
um yeah I don't know I haven't put a ton
of thought process into it I don't love
straight
EVS um at these days I don't love
straight ice cars either I really like
the idea of plug-in hybrids I I have
driven my my girlfriend's uh Prius Prime
plug-in hybrid a few times and the main
problems that I have with it are that
it's just like I don't know I don't fit
in that car as well as I do in mine
which is what brings me back to wanting
an Acura because I have never been in a
car that feels too as like naturally
comfortable to me as my car does um so I
like the idea of hopefully they still
feel that way and I can get a new one um
not brand new you know a new to me um
and then better not I'm leaving right
now if you yeah yeah don't worry dead to
me you have permission to take me out um
yeah I but but having the the power and
efficiency of a plug-in hybrid cuz like
the power dude when you put it on like
use both trains mode dang most supercars
are hybrid now yeah and and there's a
new one that came out which is like the
first 30 km an hour 30 m an hour full
electric until the engine's Peak torque
comes in and then it's like unlimited
power so sick forever so sick and then
the ability you still have infinite
range CU you can fill up at pumps
whenever you want but you have that
efficiency of if you're just commuting
to working back you can probably just
plug it in like plug-in hybrids are peak
in my opinion so both if I am able to
get a plug-in high if if I could just
take my current car and assume the frame
is in perfect condition and stuff which
I'm sure it's not if I can assume all
that stuff is fine if I could just
literally have the shell of my car but
it was a modern plug-in hybrid
engine that was in the performance
category that my car is in I would be
super stoked which is why I'm just
hoping that they Acura eventually does
that so that I can get the closest
possible thing to what I currently have
but with a modern plug-in hybrid
you pay me for that I'll do it find the
engine we got a rusted out one we got a
rusted out one I'll I'll do that that
sounds like a fun car project oh man we
get salmon over here we'll drift it be
sick so that's all I got yeah okay uh
thanks for watching thanks for watching
the extended period uh we'll see you
next week all those fun exciting things
um bye
[Music]